# Presentations
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/"><img
alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0"
src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-nd/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This
work is licensed under a <a rel="license"
href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/">Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License</a>.v

This repo contains a collection of talks and posters I use to present my
research. All (most) talks are as `reveal.js` slide decks and are written in
pure HTML/CSS. Figures are typically generated using either
[Bokeh](bokeh.pydata.org) or [Altair](altair.pyviz.org). 

As research is an ever changing beast, some of the material contained in this
repository may change without notice. 

# License
As this is my artistic view of my research and my personal manner of
presentation, this work is licensed under a [Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0
License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)

All code within this repository is licensed under a standard MIT permissive
license as is given below:

```
Copyright 2020 The authors

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
```

All associated data files, unless specifically generated for this work, are
licensed as they were originally published.

